The Joe Rogan experience. So much,
like we have different shaped Aircrafts and fighter jets and cars.
They probably have different shapes of these objects that operate
under similar principles. Right.
Perhaps, but they all have the same power source. They all have the.
Same power source. And we're also dealing with, if you think about
the laws of technological progression, you know,
you think of Moore's law and you think of how things accelerate.
You've gotta think that if this civilization is who knows how many years more
advanced than we are, if not even years, I mean, I mean,
we're thinking about in terms of conventional terms, right? Way,
the way we look at the world, I mean, they may,
they might be just superior in terms of their intellect.
They've gotta be maybe, maybe we.
We don't know. Right. Well, the only reason I, I say that is because
look, everyone doesn't necessarily start at a steam engine, right.
And go to an internal combustion engine and then, you know,
electric power and nuclear power and go up the ladder that we right. Come on.
Um, you know, the binary,
if the stuff is true about the origin and the binary star system,
and they have heavier elements that we don't have, and this element,
stable element one 15 is a naturally occurring material.
Maybe that's the first thing they started experimenting with.
And the version of their steam engine,
their first product was something that operated like this.
And actually when they came to earth to look around or, you know, whatever,
they were amazed at the stuff we were doing,
these guys burned stuff and squirted out the back to go forward. So, right. Um,
right. You know, who says they follow any kind of normal progression like that?
My, my thought was,
if you went back to the 14 hundreds and then you went from 1400 to
1500, you're not gonna see that much of a difference technologically. Right.
If you go from 2000 to 3000,
I assume there's gonna be a radical change. Right. Well.
The, yeah, the Delta, the rate of change yeah. Is,
is magnificently higher than it used to be.
Right. So if you think about what they had in 1988,
and you think about what they probably have in 2019,
just logically seems like they would advance. I.
Would think so.
The only question is like, are they living,
is that a thing in terms of like a biological thing?
Or are they some sort of an artificially created creation?
Like we are working on right now? I mean,
we're in the middle of working on artificial reality, artificial beings,
sentient beings, artificial intelligence, there's constant,
there's Silicon based life forms that they're essentially trying to create
Boston Dyna or was it boss dynamics that the company robots, easy robots.
Yeah. You can make machines outta flesh. Yeah. Right.
So a cyborg or cyberetic organism is just that, you know,
that's what a lot of people think those like gray things are, you know,
that people call the grays. Yeah. Is like, they were like,
there are machines printed from flesh. So what you're saying is like not so off,
well, they could just.
Be synthetic lights, synthetic. They don't even need to be, you know, machines.
Well.
They,
they seem to have no sex organs the way they're described by people that have
had interactions with them,
assuming these people aren't liars or crazy or whatever, right.
That they have no sex organs and that they don't seem to have any muscle
that is almost like a frame. Right. And they have enormous heads. I mean,
if you look at Australia pitheus or depictions of,
you know, ancient hoinades and then you go to human beings,
one of the things you see is bigger heads and weaker bodies. Well, you see.
A clear progression of evolution too, where something like that,
I would lean towards a synthetic organism. Yes.
Because it looks like it was made for a specific task. Right.
There's no reproductive organ.
So I mean that almost kind of leaves out any kind of, you know,
physical evolution.
Right. Well, that's also our bottleneck, right?
Our bottleneck is our biological imperative, the, the need to breed, emotions,
fear, anxiety,
all these different things that exist in order to force us into making sure
we reproduce. I mean, that's essentially,
there's human reward systems that aren't necessary once they can figure out a
way to make some sort of sentient artificial life. Right.
Some sort of thing that doesn't have these biological limitations that we have,
by.
The way, the, the, he craft all these different kinds have been reported.
Cause it was confusing. I always thought of flying SAS.
What I heard boblazar talk about flying saucer. Right.
But if you look back in history,
people have always reported the weirdest shapes. Like none of them are alike.
You know, there, there are the saucers, but you got cigar shaped. You got,
you know, the top hat shapedhmm you,
you have orbs why maybe they're serving D ifferent purposes,
they're doing different things. Like we'd use different tools. And I,
I wanna be clear. The, the reason I know that memo is, is real,
is cuz I spent a lot of time with Dr. Eggar Mitchell,
a sixth man to walk on the moon, last guy, film him before he died. Right.
That's how I know.
I don't want any journalists thinking I got it from anywhere else.
I know because of Dr. Mitchell. And he said the same thing,
maybe these things are performing different tasks, you know,
and that's right.
What they seem, if you, if you think about what an alien is in terms of our,
our, the sort of iconic image of an alien,
like the Steven Spielberg closing cows are the third time, third, uh,
kind alien.
They seem like what we'd assume a human would eventually
become. Right? And if these things are tiny,
human beings are smaller than they've ever been before.
They're weaker than they've ever been before.
And there seems to be a trend in that direction.
And this trend seems to be amplified by our technological progression.
There are a lack of need for muscle strength and our lack of need for violence.
And we move being in a society to try to get away from all the things that we
think are a Bo about human beings and the terrible behaviors that we have.
If we one day do give birth to some sort of an
artificial being like Marshall McCluen's, uh, quote,
we are the sex organs of the machine world. You know that one day we, okay,
I'll buy this. Yeah. McCleon was brilliant. And that,
that quote has always been one of my favorites because, okay,
what are we doing when we are constantly technologically innovating,
we're constantly looking for faster cars, better computers, bigger screens,
faster, more resolution, more pixels, more this, more that higher bandwidth, 5g,
10 G, right? What are we doing? We're moving into this in this.
If you just follow it objectively, stand, stand back,
don't attach yourself or your civilization, your culture to it.
And look at what it is.
We're moving it a hundred percent towards technological innovation.
If you looked at this species from afar, and if you weren't a part of it,
you would say, well, what does this species do? Oh, they make things.
They make things better. Every year.
Beehive is the same thing that you see 10 years ago, you go by,
you see a beeh it's amazing. It's cool. But they're the same thing.
They figured out how to do it. They make a beehive, right? We don't do that.
We make better things. What would you do constantly?
And at some point I think that technology is gonna fuse with us. Yes. And.
We're gonna become, it's already happening. Yeah.
The Elon Musk talked about it on my podcast that we are sideboards.
You just carry it in your pocket. It's a phone.
It answers any question you want. You can talk to it.
It'll give you the answers, the answers instantaneously, it navigates you.
It has all your phone numbers in it. It has all your contacts.
You can get ahold of people. People listen to you through it.
It's connecting us in ways. Even involuntarily, haptics, that kind of thing.
Yeah. It's also getting on your wrist.
How many people have eyewatches apple watches, right. They put on.
Their wrist. Right. And that's only because we can't integrate 'em yet.
But if you know, that.
Point has come a hundred percent. Yeah. I didn't joke about it last night,
but I have a bit about it. But I do about the,
the integration between humans and technology. That's.
What would you do if you were a hyperintelligence right.
Would you do the work yourself or would you create some cool things called like
humans to do it for you?
Would you create things that are cyberetic organisms to come in with machines
and do it for you? If you were a hyperintelligence that has kind of changed,
like you've described, you'd probably create workers.
Right? Well, that's a vast conspiracy theory. Isn't.
It? I' not talking about conspiracy.
But it is a kind of a conspiracy, right? I'm I'm asking you. Well, I, I mean,
I don't think it's necessarily that, I mean, you could look at it that way,
but that is the way a conspiracy theorist would look at it.
The way I would look at it is like,
there's obviously a progression going on a biological progression.
There's some sort of an integration with technology.
There's some sort of imperative this need for technological innovation. Mm-hmm,
<affirmative>, it's inescapable. Everyone has it. We,
and I think it's attached to materialism in some sort of a strange way,
because so many people work so hard to get new things and like, God,
that seems so illogical and preposterous and it makes people unhappy and
depression's on the rise, but nobody seems to be able to stop it. Like,
why is that? Well,
maybe it's because we are the electronic caterpillars
that give birth to the butterfly. Maybe that's what we're doing.
That could very well be what our job is to do is to make some sort of a cocoon.
And we don't even know we're doing it while we're doing it.
Do you think a caterpillar is, well, Hey caterpillar, what are you you doing,
man? Just I'm doing my thing. It's my job. I have to make a cocoon.
Then I'm gonna become like a butterterfly.
This could be a natural part of evolution. It could be right.
That we're just supposed to do this. Exactly. And make the jump to, uh,
some sort of mechanized, right? Yeah.
Nearological an arantan that is, uh, fishing with a spear.
No, they've figured out how to fish with Spears. There's uh,
there's umpriimatologists.
Wait without somebody showing 'em how to fish. No, they've.
Imitated human beings doing it and now they do it, but they do it independently.
They're not trainedangans they're wild rang. Look at that.
That's a wild rang. Okay. That's impressiveive 's impressive. Impressive. Well,
there's thesepriimatologists I guess you would call 'em primatologists.
That's a term.
That's a great biologists biologists that believe that monkeys and
chimps and some of the great apes are moving into the stone age that they've
currently entered the stone age.
Like they're not staying what they were a hundred thousand years or ago or
500,000 years ago,
but they're actively using tools and they're experimenting with different,
different ways to use those tools. And then they're making tools out of stone.
They're making tools out of sticks and they're they're using them. Well,
this might just be what happens. This might just be what happens, right?
I mean, why else? Why are we why the fire? We work so hard. I mean, I, I was,
I was driving to LA this morning. Um, I had a doctor's appointment,
so I was on the 4 0 5 at, uh, eight in the morning, like Jesus Christ. Like,
this is so crazy when you're in the 4 0 5 in LA at eight o'clock in the morning,
you see literally a million cars. Yeah. Red light.
And it's just everywhere you go. It's people. But, and also I'm in a Tesla.
So I have it on autopilot. So I'm there sitting, I'm listening to a podcast.
I B I barely have my hand on the wheel. I'm not touching.
This car's driving me along. I'm not even doing anything. I'm just,
I'm just hanging out. It's so much less strap by the way to do it that way.
Right. So it encourages you to, to innovate. Yeah.
It encourages you to embrace this new technology. I got this giant screen.
It's showing me the navigation you in front of me. Oh,
I'll be there five minutes early. Excellent. And I'm listening to a podcast,
wirelessly. It's Bluetooth scream streaming from my phone.
And I pulled that podcast,
which came out today out of the sky and I'm listening to it.
And I'm all comfortable in my nice little car.
Just driving on my way to the doctor's office. This.
Is irresistible stuff. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Different than your walk, man. Yeah.
You know, back.
In the day, it is irresistible. It.
Is irresistible. It's frighteningly irresistible. But is.
It frightening? I mean, if you were a monkey, right? If you were, um,
an Australia epitheus would you go, man? I don't wanna be a person.
I live in a house. That's. I like just swinging around on trees. I like, uh,
running from Jaguars. This is life guys. Life is running crocodiles.
It's not living in a.
Suburban ommunity no, there's probably some that are like that.
Yeah. I don't think so. I think, I think when, when it comes,
we're gonna embrace it.
We're gonna embrace it the same way you embrace cell phones,
the same way you embrace television. There's gonna be a few holdouts.
I don't even know an email address, man. Those,
those there's a few and far between the good luck with that. face.
Go move to the woods, Ted. Kainski yeah, go live. I,
I was just gonna throw tedsgain man there. Oh, Ted kainski was right.
This is something that I think about sometimes when I get really high that Ted
kainski was a part of the Harvard LSD studies.
This has been proven Ted kainski. They cooked his brain when he was at Harvard.
And then when he went over to Berkeley and became a professor,
his goal was to make enough money so that he could implement this program and
live in the woods and then write his manifesto and start killing people that
were involved in propagating technology.
He was expunged from the Harvard, um, logs, by the way,
this is something my friend just called me about. So there's like this, uh,
private library.
And they used to print people's names whenever they were part of a university.
And he was one of a handful of people that were expunged from it.
I want to jump back to the one thing, Joe.
I wanna be very careful with that word, conspiracy theorist. What, what I was,
what I was saying to you was we, we Terraform our earth, right? We,
we tear and we change the environment. We do all this innovation.
What is stopping us from thinking that that's not being done?
I'm not saying is I'm saying what's stopping us from thinking that that's being
done on a much bigger level on a cosmic level.
You mean like aliens coming down, doing that to humans. Well, I'm.
I'm telling you that there is something here. That's, there's a fact, you know,
there's something, there are craft are here. They're not ours. They're here.
So the question is, what is that about?
And I'm just looking at what we do with what you're describing with technology
and.
Well, it's,
I think it's much more likely that the same way we observe chimps and we observe
that they are now in the stone age that they're observing us.
And that they're recognizing that there is a pattern that there is a,
there's a step that happen. I mean,
Carl Sagan talked about the different levels of civilization and that you know
that if we don't get past certain levels, we're never going to reach this.
I mean, we're.
In type one civilization. We're gonna stay type zero.
Yeah. Well we're in this warring polluting. Yeah. Pillaging. We're awesome.
Civilization. Humans are awesome. It's well, I mean,
we're awesome in a lot of ways, you know, but in that way we're not, but yeah,
we're, we're we're children that have immense power. Yeah.
That we didn't really,
the other thing is you're using the immense power that other people have
created. Right? I mean,
even when you're driving a car and you're stomping on the gas, like, woo,
you didn't invent the engine. You didn't invent tires.
There's all these things that were in involved in the creation of this thing is
really outside of your grasp of understanding.
But yet you have the ability to use it like a person with a gun.
I'm just gonna bang, bang, bang people. You don't, you didn't invent a gun.
So like you've,
you've without the intellect to craft and engineer and,
and, and manifest these creations,
you just have access to them because you have paper or you have Bitcoin,
or you have mm-<affirmative>, whatever the you're using using a credit card.
Now you have almost no responsibility. You just,
you could just flippantly use these things, which is why we, you know,
we were very childlike in our actions. Cause we,
we haven't had to earn the responsibility.
We haven't had to earn these things that we've been able to have.
And you've only been able to have them because other people have innovated and
spent ungogodly amounts of time and effort and focus in the lab to create these
things. And then they've all put them together. And then what is the,
what's the reason to put them together to profit? Well,
what's the reason to profit. Well, why are you doing this?
So you can buy more things. Well, what, what are we doing? What are we doing?
We're making better things. That's what we do. That's all we do. That's do.
That's all we do is make better things. Yeah. Why the do we need oil?
Why do we need oil? Why can't we just burn wood and stay home?
Why can't we grow chickens and food in the backyard? Why can't we do it? Well,
we can, we certainly can. People do do it.
But we decide to make that almost impossible.
Our preferred way of living is to stuff everyone into a very small area where no
one grows anything other than weed. This is what LA is.
LA is 20 million people with hard surfaces as as many hard surfaces.
You can boy, if you've got an acre backyard in LA, holy,
it look at all that grain. This is amazing. Well, no,
that's the earth coming through this weird sort of creation
that we've put on top of the earth. But the goal is to like New York city.
That's there's none of it, right? You just got,
you've got central park and they just got human. You stacked up.
No one's growing anything. And then constant work everyone's up early, go,
go, go innovate progress. Make that money. So you can buy more things.
And every year, Hey apple,
where's this new phone as if your phone isn't good enough. Yeah.
<laugh> like your phone's taking pictures and videos and people are calling you
and you got applications to tell you which way the wind's blowing.
It's not good enough.
A blink of an eye link of an eye. It's all gone though that, you know,
like 10,000 years and the Hoover dam goes or whatever, you know, Mount Rushmore,
disintegrates. So it's amazing cuz we have created that and,
and everything's trying to spring up through that. We keep it maintenance down,
but we're, we're a blink man, something hits, but.
We don't think that way, you know, you think in terms of your own life, right?
You think in terms of what you want and what you need right now,
you know what it's, we are in many ways,
this combination of this weird primitive ape-like thing with
the ability to calculate and manipulate our world and our environment that makes
us wholly unique on top of that with existential angst and, and, and fear.
So what do you do with that? With water to out with anti antidepressants,
give these people some that keeps ' moving mm-hmm <affirmative> well,
they're worried about the future. They're trying to figure out what reality is.
If there's you're on a convertible spaceship spending a thousand miles an hour,
hurling through infinity, there's no meaning to this thing. Just keep making,
keep making stuff. And then one day they're gonna be able to hit that switch.
Life will be born out of innovation and thinking and progress
and technology, and more than likely,
it's probably gonna be what we're seeing that these things are that you're
you're, you're observing mm-hmm.
<Affirmative> I'm not observing them, but yeah. Well someone's observing.
Are, are you implying that they're us? I don't think they are us,
but I think they are. What happens when things keep going?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> it's not us. Just like we are not monkeys, right?
I'm I'm not a Chimp. Oh, that'd be cool. They're from here is your idea.
No, no, no. That this is what happens all over the right. Yeah, totally.
This is what hap look, here's the thing. You know, I went to see Brian Cox's,
um, he has this amazing live show with Robin ins where they, they,
they, they have these L E D screens,
these huge screens with this high resolution depictions of the cosmos and one of
the most mind-blowing things.
He has this large scale image of the universe and it shows all the individual
galaxies of the universe.
And it just keeps moving through all these galaxies in three dimensions.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and it's incredible,
but what's stunning is the relative uniformity of it. Even at, you know,
I mean, you're obviously looking at an incredib,
small depiction of something that's immensely large,
like a galaxy of hundreds of billions of stars.
You're seeing it as this little dot,
but this little dot that's flying through space,
surrounded by other little dartts with very similarly spaced distances between
yeah. Homa. Yeah. So Mike,
if we see uniformity in that form in terms of like the distance between
Galax, like so many galaxies is so it's so similar,
they might vary slightly and that slightly might be hundreds of millions of
light years. Right? Mm-hmm <affirmative> but, but,
but there's so much uniformity.
Why would we not assume that that uniformity exists pretty much everywhere and
that all these things that you're seeing that are so similar,
you do see binary stars. You do see single star systems like star,
but there's also some, some speculation that earth and that,
that our solar system was one time was a binary star system.